OK, so let's calculate the velocity for a segment number three.
Now, once again, what we're going to do here is change up where our initial and final positions are.
Now, we're over here at this position.
This is going to be our initial position.
And over here, this is going to be our final position for this third segment.
So let's plug in our numbers.
Y F is going to be 40.
Minus Y, which is sixty, divided by X, F, which is thirty five minus X I, which is 25.
40 minus 60 is a negative twenty, divided by thirty five, minus 25 is ten.
So we have a slope here of negative two meters per minute.
Hey, so that's a negative slope there and does that make sense?
I mean, so if you're looking at this.
You see that this slope is going upwards if we're moving from left to right.
This slope is moving.
It's not moving up or down at all, and this slope, if you're moving from left to right, it's going
downwards once again.
If you're moving from left to right, it's going downwards.
Right.
So that's the reason why we do have a negative slope there.